com/example/myapplication/ui/portfolio/PortfolioViewModel.java
 com.example.myapplication.ui.portfolio.PortfolioViewModel
com/example/myapplication/ui/news/NewsFragment.java
 com.example.myapplication.ui.news.NewsFragment
com/example/myapplication/ui/AppPreference.java
 com.example.myapplication.ui.AppPreference
com/example/myapplication/ui/watchlist/WatchListFragment.java
 com.example.myapplication.ui.watchlist.WatchListFragment
 com.example.myapplication.ui.watchlist.WatchListFragment$1
com/example/myapplication/Porto.java
 com.example.myapplication.Porto
com/example/myapplication/ui/news/NewsViewModel.java
 com.example.myapplication.ui.news.NewsViewModel
com/example/myapplication/ui/watchlist/WatchListViewModel.java
 com.example.myapplication.ui.watchlist.WatchListViewModel
com/example/myapplication/ui/market/MarketFragment.java
 com.example.myapplication.ui.market.MarketFragment
 com.example.myapplication.ui.market.MarketFragment$1
com/example/myapplication/ui/retrofit/Api.java
 com.example.myapplication.ui.retrofit.Api
com/example/myapplication/ui/models/SummaryData.java
 com.example.myapplication.ui.models.SummaryData
 com.example.myapplication.ui.models.SummaryData$1
com/example/myapplication/ui/market/MarketViewModel.java
 com.example.myapplication.ui.market.MarketViewModel
com/example/myapplication/ui/retrofit/RetrofitClient.java
 com.example.myapplication.ui.retrofit.RetrofitClient
 com.example.myapplication.ui.retrofit.RetrofitClient$1
 com.example.myapplication.ui.retrofit.RetrofitClient$2
com/example/myapplication/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.myapplication.BuildConfig
com/example/myapplication/ui/models/Items.java
 com.example.myapplication.ui.models.Items
com/example/myapplication/ui/login/ForgotPassFragment.java
 com.example.myapplication.ui.login.ForgotPassFragment
com/example/myapplication/ui/portfolio/PortfolioFragment.java
 com.example.myapplication.ui.portfolio.PortfolioFragment
com/example/myapplication/ui/portfolio/PortfolioDetailFragment.java
 com.example.myapplication.ui.portfolio.PortfolioDetailFragment
 com.example.myapplication.ui.portfolio.PortfolioDetailFragment$1
 com.example.myapplication.ui.portfolio.PortfolioDetailFragment$2
 com.example.myapplication.ui.portfolio.PortfolioDetailFragment$3
 com.example.myapplication.ui.portfolio.PortfolioDetailFragment$4
 com.example.myapplication.ui.portfolio.PortfolioDetailFragment$5
com/example/myapplication/ui/adapters/SummaryDataAdapter.java
 com.example.myapplication.ui.adapters.SummaryDataAdapter
 com.example.myapplication.ui.adapters.SummaryDataAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/myapplication/MainActivity.java
 com.example.myapplication.MainActivity
com/example/myapplication/databinding/LoginsignuppageBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.LoginsignuppageBinding
com/example/myapplication/databinding/FragmentPortfolioDetailOldBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.FragmentPortfolioDetailOldBinding
com/example/myapplication/ui/login/SignUpFragment.java
 com.example.myapplication.ui.login.SignUpFragment
com/example/myapplication/ui/login/OTPFragment.java
 com.example.myapplication.ui.login.OTPFragment
com/example/myapplication/databinding/LoginpageBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.LoginpageBinding
com/example/myapplication/ui/login/LoginFragment.java
 com.example.myapplication.ui.login.LoginFragment
com/example/myapplication/databinding/SummaryrowItem2Binding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.SummaryrowItem2Binding
com/example/myapplication/databinding/FragmentPortfolioDetailBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.FragmentPortfolioDetailBinding
com/example/myapplication/ui/adapters/MFAdapter.java
 com.example.myapplication.ui.adapters.MFAdapter
 com.example.myapplication.ui.adapters.MFAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/myapplication/databinding/FragmentWatchlistBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.FragmentWatchlistBinding
com/example/myapplication/databinding/LoginforgotpassBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.LoginforgotpassBinding
com/example/myapplication/databinding/FragmentPortfolioBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.FragmentPortfolioBinding
com/example/myapplication/databinding/TableLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.TableLayoutBinding
com/example/myapplication/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/myapplication/ui/login/ResetPassFragment.java
 com.example.myapplication.ui.login.ResetPassFragment
com/example/myapplication/ui/adapters/StocksAdapter.java
 com.example.myapplication.ui.adapters.StocksAdapter
 com.example.myapplication.ui.adapters.StocksAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/myapplication/databinding/FragmentMarketBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.FragmentMarketBinding
com/example/myapplication/ui/utility/OtpEditText.java
 com.example.myapplication.ui.utility.OtpEditText
 com.example.myapplication.ui.utility.OtpEditText$1
com/example/myapplication/databinding/LoginresetpassBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.LoginresetpassBinding
com/example/myapplication/databinding/FragmentNewsBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.FragmentNewsBinding
